Apply fringe flat to VAR arrays (#9320)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/fringe/main.rst

Author: Cannot seem to find anything to update over at photom doc page, but if I missed it, please let me know.

Reviewer: I looked it over - I agree the description is fine as is.

The ``fringe`` step applies a fringe correction to MIRI MRS images.
In particular, the SCI array from a fringe reference file is divided into the

> SCI and ERR arrays (and likewise squared for variance arrays) of the science data set.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest making this its own sentence for clarity, e.g.
```suggestion
SCI and ERR arrays of the science data set. The variance arrays are divided by the square of the reference data.
```

Author: Re: code style updates -- Just some that really bothered me as I go but I also don't want this to be a full-fledge ruff PR. So if the tiny updates bother you, I can revert them.

Reviewer 2: They don't bother me, I just wanted to make sure I shouldn't point out additional things to change :)
